The main driver for many strategic decisions is the availability of the application within EU for patients and medical staff, following GDPR and other regulatory requirements.
The solution is intended to be provided as a service for pdoctors and patients with neurological diseases (cervical dystony). As it should be accessible on various devices, it is implemented as a web and mobile application with a backend.

## Web application
The application is implemented following Clean architecture architectural style. The application is deployed to Azure as Azure container service.

## Mobile app
The mobile app is implemented following best practices for developing MAUI apps. The design follows Android specific requirements where necessary.

## User experience (UX)
The webapp UI is a browser hosted SPA (single page application) written in Blazor WASM.
The mobile app UI reflects device native ecosystem translated from .NET MAUI.


## Static code analysis
### SonarQube
SonarQube is an open-source platform developed by SonarSource for continuous inspection of code quality to perform automatic reviews with static analysis of code to detect bugs and code smells on 29 programming languages. Wikipedia 

SonarQube is provided as a managed SonarQube instance that is available to whole SHS.

The intention is to:
- use the PR validation - to prevent the technical debt to grow
- use regular SCA (software composition analysis) - to have an overview as an input to the planning of the technical debt reduction

See the SonarQube for more the details.